# DietFriend
A publicly distributed application for Android and Apple phones built using PyCharm, the Kivy framework, OpenCV, and PostgreSQL. Meant to help users count calories and other daily nutrition. The main files for this repository are main.py and dietfriendv1.kv. Please use Ctrl-f and type 'main.py' and 'dietfriendv1.kv' to access these.

To get the app running on your computer, open the project in PyCharm, create 'venv' folder, 'cd' into it, and run 'pip3 install -r requirements.txt'. (NOTE: this 'requirements.txt' is different from the local 'requirements.txt', which can be used to more easily install site-packages.) If site-packages are still missing, install them using PyCharm's automatic installation feature. Also, for now, users other than the superuser are disabled; contact me personally at asherbgibson@gmail.com if you want access to the superuser. You may also experience difficulties if you run into indexing errors. To avoid these, please DO NOT close the app while it is processing an image. If you do so, the account will have to be manually reset for the current date. Alternatively, you can reset the date on your computer to a different date, resulting in the program working again (as long as no unexpected closing of the app occurs again during image processing).

See https://asherbgibson.wixsite.com/asher-gibson for video walkthroughs of app features and functionality. You will find these videos under 'DietFriend Full Page'. Note: the website may not work properly on mobile devices.
